clarify variables docs (#15233)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0/develop/variables.mdx

You can interact with variables through the Python SDK using the `get`, `set`, and `unset` methods. 

> Outside of a `flow` or `task`, these methods are always invoked asynchronously.

Author: this is untrue

```python
» cat flows/proofs/variables.py
from prefect.variables import Variable

Variable.set("test", "42", overwrite=True)

print(Variable.get("test"))
» python flows/proofs/variables.py
42

» ipython
In [1]: from prefect.variables import Variable

In [2]: Variable.get('asdf', 42)
Out[2]: 42

In [3]: async def f():
   ...:     Variable.get('asdf', 43)
   ...:

In [4]: f()
Out[4]: <coroutine object f at 0x1077e1cc0>

In [5]: await _
<ipython-input-3-1d0370dc062f>:2: RuntimeWarning: coroutine 'sync_compatible.<locals>.coroutine_wrapper.<locals>.ctx_call' was never awaited
  Variable.get('asdf', 43)
RuntimeWarning: Enable tracemalloc to get the object allocation traceback
```

You can interact with variables through the Python SDK using the `get`, `set`, and `unset` methods. 

```python
from prefect.variables import Variable

assert Variable.set("answer", 42) == Variable(name="answer", value=42, tags=[])

assert Variable.get("answer") == 42

assert Variable.set("answer", 9001, overwrite=True) == Variable(name="answer", value=9001, tags=[])

assert Variable.unset("answer") is True

assert Variable.get("answer", "fallback") == "fallback"
```

You can use `overwrite=True` to update the value of an existing variable.

<Warning>
**Contextual Behavior**

> In a sync context (like an `if __name__ == "__main__"` block or simple `def` scope), these methods are used synchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a sync context, such as an `if __name__ == "__main__"` block or basic definition scope, these methods are used synchronously.
```

Author: updated in [4e4fc1c](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/15233/commits/4e4fc1cc53077728a2389521aa49dce19e6160a6)

> In an async context (like an `async def` scope), they are used asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In an async context, such as an async definition scope, they are used asynchronously.
```

Author: updated in [4e4fc1c](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/15233/commits/4e4fc1cc53077728a2389521aa49dce19e6160a6)

</Warning>

<CodeGroup>
```python Synchronous

from prefect import flow
from prefect.variables import Variable

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

@flow(log_prints=True)

> def space_mission_sync():

Reviewer 2: what is the goal with this example? I'm a little worried it implicitly advertises using variables as replacements for parameters.

Reviewer 2: maybe a single-script example that calls multiple flows that use the same underlying variable would be better?

Author: the goal was mainly to indicate sync/async syntax differences, i can strip it back a bit

Author: updated in [623ee1c](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/15233/commits/623ee1c77aea7e86b0962abd41bf8ff88114d02e)

    # retrieve native python values from variables
    mission = Variable.get("mission")
    crew = Variable.get("crew_members")

    for member in crew:
        print(f"Meet {member}!")

    budget = Variable.get("budget", default=100)
    per_member_budget = budget / len(crew)
    print(f"Budget: ${budget} billion")
    print(f"Budget per member: ${per_member_budget:.2f} billion")

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: same as above

if __name__ == "__main__":
    Variable.set("mission", "Mars Expedition")
    Variable.set("crew_members", ["Zaphod", "Arthur", "Trillian"])
    Variable.set("budget", 100_000_000)

    space_mission_sync()
```

```python Asynchronous
import asyncio
from prefect import flow
from prefect.variables import Variable

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

@flow(log_prints=True)
async def space_mission_async():
    # retrieve native python values from variables
    mission = await Variable.get("mission")
    crew = await Variable.get("crew_members")

    for member in crew:
        print(f"Meet {member}!")

    budget = await Variable.get("budget", default=100)
    per_member_budget = budget / len(crew)
    print(f"Budget: ${budget} billion")
    print(f"Budget per member: ${per_member_budget:.2f} billion")

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: same
